In this newsletter, the author proposes that the government should focus more on educating the people about bicycle safety instead of encouraging them to wear helmets. To support his claim, a nationwide study is cited that the more bicycle accidents happened  recently, while people wear helmets more. Though this proposal might be effective, the reasoning of the argument is unconvincing due to some unsubstantiated assumptions which, if proven unwarrant, would serious challenge the author's proposal.

First of all, by stating the facts that the the more bicycle accidents happened recently than in the past, even though people are more likely to wear helmets, the author assumes that people tend to become more careless on the road because of wearing helments and are likely to take more risks. Yet this assumption is problematic for the following reasons. First, we are not informed whether this study is authentic or accurate. If the methodology of the study is problematic, then the bicyclists may not be careless as mentioned, and thus the proposal is undermined. Second, we have no idea whether it is the bicyclists of the accidents who are to be blame. If the problem-maker are the careless drivers, then the assumption is problematic, and as a result, the proposal is largely undermined. Third, bicyclists don not necessarily become more careless and take more risks on the road once they are wearing the helmets. Without additional evidence, we can not rule out the possibility that they are as careful, if not more concentrated, in the situation where they don not wear helmets.

Even if the aforementioned assumption is valid, the writer's proposal could also be unconvincing due to the doubtful assumptions. The proposal heavily relies on the assumption that the education could be both effective and feasible. Are people willing to take such extra education? Are the funds for this education is enough? Would this education be effective? Any of the answers to these questions, if negative, would seriously challenge the author's recommendation. In addition, the proposal also assume some bad effects exist in the helmets. However, we do not see the negative effects of wearing the helmets based on the current information provided. Thus, it's unfair to prohibit helmets on the roads.  

To sum up, whether or not we should implement the author's recommendation depends largely on the validity of the assumptions above. If these assumptions prove unwarrant, then the proposal might be less more than the author's wishful thinking, and we need other plans to this problem accordingly.

