In the article, the writer conclude that if a business wants to succeed, it should hire people who only need no more than 6 hours of sleep. Although this conclusion might be true, the reasoning of it is unconvincing due to some unsubstantiated assumptions which, if proven unwarrant, would seriouly undermine the argument. 

First of all, the argument relies heavily on the assumption that not only executives but also other employees turn out to bring greater profit and make the advertising business grow quicker if they have less than 6 hours sleep. However, we are not informed the performance of other workers such as tecnical personnels and project managers. It's possible that the employees in a company is not homogeneous and behave differently. If some are less efficient due to the lack of sleep, then the advertising business might not be necessarily successful. Besides, the argument also bases on the assumption that the results of the study is accurate. If the study turns out to be unreliable, then the argument must be seriously undermined. 

Granted that people who sleep less than 6 hour can truely bring more profits to the company, we still need to be cautious about the assumption that this rule is adaptive to other businesses as well as advertisement. We do not know whether other businesses attach more importance to working time rather than efficiency, as advertising companies do. If the answer is negative, then efficiency might be a more significant consideration, and accordingly the conclusion is greatly undermined. Besides, even if the aforementioned assumptions are all valid, the conclusion could also be unconvincing due to the doubtable assumption that profit and growth are the only two considerations of success of the business. It's unfair to rule out the significance of other factors to the success of a certain business, such as employees' potential, social value, as well as communal contribution. We are not confident enough to turn a blind eye to them when refers to a company's success given the current information.

To sum up, whether or not we should champion the author's claim depends greatly on the validity of the assumptions. If these assumptions prove unwarrant, then the results may little more than the author's wishful thinking, and accordingly we need to consider other measurements to help the business obtain more profit and quicker growth. 