In the argument, the author claims that the Palean baskets were not uniquely Palean and shows series of facts to support it. Although this claim might be true, close scrutiny reveals that this conclusion lacks critical support, and therefore we need more evidence to help evaluate this conclusion.

First of all, the author states that archaeologists discovered Palean baskets in Lithos. While this discovery might be true, we still need more evidence to demonstrate that they made these findings in a right way. Without additional information, it's just likely that they conduct the exploration in wrong methods or perhaps the baskets they found are slightly different from Palean baskets. Any of these scenarios, if true, would seriouly undermine the author's conclusion. 

Secondly, the author illustrates the necessarity of using boats by showing that Brim River which separates Palea from Lithos is very deep and broad. Absent more evidence, we are not sure whether the river was of the same appearance. That is to say we are not informed whether the Brim River thousands years ago was as wide and deep as it is now. If the Brim River is shallow and narrow, then the civil did not necessarily using boats to cross the river, and thus the argument is greatly challenged. If new evidence shows that the appearance of the river does not change a lot, then argument is largely championed. Besides, more evidence is also needed to show that the crossing by boads is the only solution. Perhaps it is possible that some other vehicles like float woods or facilitates like large bridges can undertake such responsibility. If this is available, then the argument is severely undermined.

Despite the presence of all the previous evidence, an accurate evaluation of the arguement needs additional information to show the accuracy of the founding with respect to boats. The author states that no boats have been found, and rules out the possibility of their existence. However, this reasoning is problematic, for we can not turn blind to the possibility that all boats are buried in ground and decayed or sinked in the river. New evidence is required to show that boats does not exist ever. Withiout such evidence, the arguement is unconvincing.

To sum up, the evidence provided by the author does not provide enough conclusive information to make it convincing. As a results, we need more evidence to better evaluation this conclusion.