In the memo, the vice president recommends using Zeta rather than Alpha for their new building project. And he uses a series of evidence to support his recommendation. Although Zeta might outperform Alpha in the new project, close scrutiny reveals that the argument lack critical information, and thus we need more evidence to help evaluate the recommendation.

First of all, by stating that Zeta had fewer maintening costs and energy consuption, the vice president believes that the costs of Zeta to conduct the new project is lower. However, an accurate evalution of the argument needs more evidence to show whether the reducion of costs in maintenance and energy can be compensated by the amounts of extra building fee. If the building fee of Zeta is extremely large to be compensated, then choosing Zeta to conduct the project is not a judicious plan. Moreover, we are not informed whether the data provided is authentic. If the data provided is inaccurate, then the advantages of Zeta might be overstated; or else, we can believe the president's claim to some extent. Besides, we need more evidence to figure out the results are analyzed in the same circumstances, that is the consumption and costs are calculated by each person rather that the total amounts. If the data only shows an overal purview, then this is not conclusive information to evaluate the arugument and thus the recommendation is undermined.

Secondly, the author believes that Zeta has a stable workforce by stating that its employees seldom turnover. However, we need more evidence to know whether this good manner is just evanescent. If the answer is yes, then we can not perfectly identify their behaviors. In addition, more evidence is needed to show more details about "stable". We need additional evidence to know whether they have a stale efficiency to judge whether Zeta has a stable outcome in all projects. If Zeta has a good performance in all projects, then the author's argument is largely supported; if it goes to other way around, then the argument can not be largely strengthened.

Finally, despite the previous evidence provided, an accurate evaluation of the vice president's argument requires more additional information to show that Zeta is reliable for the new project. To support his claim, new evidence is needed to demonstrate the quality of Zeta's project. If Zeta's quality is relatively low, or its building can only sustain for few years, then it is not a good choice as the revenue brought might be greatly lower. As a results, we need more information to figure out the quality of Zeta's job from a multidementional view.

To sum up, the evidence given by the Vice President does not provide enough conclusive information to show the avantages of using Zeta. As a result, we need more evidence to better evaluation the argument.