In the letter, the author claim that program provided by the high scholl is the only solution to overcome the serious problem that several driving accidents. While this program might be beneficial to some extent, the reasoning of the arguement is unconvincing due to some unsubstantiated assumptions which, if proven unwarranted, will seriously challenge the author's proposal.

First of all, the argument relies heavily on the assumption that the accidents occured are really severe and the assumption that such problem can be overcomed by the driving courses. However, this assumption is problematic for we are not informed whether these accidents are inevitable. If these accidents have nothing different with those in other cities, we might consider them common bads, and thus the author's claim is largely weakens. In addition, we do no know whether driving courses are greatly helpful. If the driving courses are just a routine process and do not work, the argument might turn out to be unreliable.

Secondly, granted that the parents claim that they are busy and might not be able to offord the courses, we still need to be cautious about the assumption that they are telling the truth. Absent clear evidence, it's just likely that they might not be williing to pay additonal money to extra training for their children. If their words do not turn out to be authentic, the argument might be largely weakened as a result; or else, the argument is strengthened.

In the end, even if the assumptions mentioned above are all valid, it's still worthwhile examining the assumption that taking courses sponsored by the high school is the only solution. Without conclusive evidence, it's just possible that we can use other methods to ensure their good preformance on roads. For example, a rule that they need to pass an specifical exam before they can drive on roads can be made. In the way, the method that the author claim is not the only way to gurantee their safety. Addtionally, neither do we know the effectivity or feasibility of this practice. Students might not be willing to take such extra course or the funding for high schools is not enough to launch high-quality activities. Any of such scenarios, if true, would seriously undermined the author's proposal.

To sum up, whether or not we should implement the author's initiation depends largely on the soundness of the assumptions. If these assumptions are unwarrantted, then the initiation might be little more than the author's wishful thinking, and accordingly we need to consider other solutions to the problem.