In the argument, the manager propose that the television station need to devote time to weather and local news to its former level to earn more profits. Although this proposal might be effective to some extent, the reasoning of the memorandum is unconvincing due to some unsubstantiated assumptions which, if proven unwarranted, will seriously challenge the argument.

First of all, by stating that many complaints comes to the coverage of weather and local news, the manager assumes that nation news is of less importance than those of local and weather news. However, this assumption is problematic, because we do not know the total volume of complaints; neither do we know the complaints can truely represents the common will. If the total complaints are reduced or the complains is just a minority, then this practice do not need to be revised and the argument is largely weakened. Besides, even if the assumptions mentioned above are valid, we still need to be cautious about the assumption that the coverge of the nation news need to be reduced. Absent such evidence, it's just likely that the complaints only have something to do with the lack of local or weather report. If this is true, the arguement is undermined.

Secondly, the arguement bases heavily on the assumption that the cancel of advertising contracts is a result of this coveration disapproporation. We are not informed whether the cancel is due to the lack of funds of these companies or because of the bad reporting performance, which has nothing to do with the coverage proportion. If the business has nothing to do with the proportion of coverage, then this proposal might loose its meaning.

Even if the aforementioned assumption remains tenable, it's still worthwhile examining the assumption that the contentment will leads to the final revenue. Absent conclusive evidence, we can not draw a paralell between satisfactory with profits and accordingly the proposal is tenuous. Besides, it's unfair to rule out other possibilities to earn more profits. If there are better options, without sacrificing the coverage of national new, this initiation might not be necessary. Moreover, no evidence show the necessarty of restoring the time to the former level. Perhaps the civils are just unsatisfies about no place for local or weather news but not expect to hear so many such new like before. If this possibility is true, the argument is largely undermined.

To sum up, wheter or not we should implement the manager's proposal depends largely on the soundness of the assumptions underlying. If these assumptions are problematic, then the proposal might be little more than the author's wishful thinking and we need to consider other solutions to help this television station to increase their benefits.