On the website, the writer recommend parents to bring their children to the Mozart School of Music. While the school could be beneficial to students, the reasoning of the argument is unconvincing due to some unsubstantiated assumptions which, if proven unwarranted, would seriously challenge the author's claim.

First of all, the website's recommendation relies heavily on the assumptions that almost every students can get good education in this school. While all kinds of students are welcome, considering that the faculties might have limited stamina and time, some student might not obtain enough patience and advices. In this situation, although all students can go to Mozart musical school, the resource given is not determined, and thus this assumption is problematic.

Secondly, stating that the school provides all kinds of instrument, the author assumes that the facilities is enough for student. However, we are not informed the quantity of each kind of instrument to cover all students in class. Nor do we know the quality of the given instrument. If the instruments are not enough in class or of low quality, then the assumption might be unwarranted.

Thirdly, granted that the many musicians are included as teachers in this school, we still need to be cautious about the assumption that these musician could be able to teach the students well. In other words, the assumption made by the writer that the success in the musical arena is tantamount to the success in the education arena is subject to more consideration. If these artists tend not to be good educators, then the reputation of them in this recommendation is of no use. Moreover, even if they are good educators, whether they are willing to help these students and devote themselves in Mozart School is also a question. If the answer is yes, the argument might be supported; or else, it is greatly undermined.

Fourthly, the author in the argument assumes that many musicians used to be educated in this school. Although this might be a good indicator to the school's success, it's still worthwhile to know that whether they reach success only by the education of Mozart School. If they also went to another vestige educational institution, or perhaps they are gifted with innate talent, then the effectuality of the education offered by the Mozart School need to be questioned.

Finally, even if the aforementioned assumptions provided remain tenable, we stilling need to cautious about the assumption that the information given on the website is authentic. If this assumption prove not warranted or the statement is an overestimation, the parents might be deceived, and the argument is weakened as a result.

To sum up, whether or not the parents are supposed to send their children to the Mozart School is largely determined on the validity of the assumptions mentioned above. If these assumptions proven unwarranted, then the Mozart School might not be the prior choice for these parents, and they need to consider other educational schools to better develop their children.