In the recommendation, the personnel director of Acme Publishing Company (APC) recommends all their employees to take the Easy Road (ER) course to help APC earn more profits. While this recommendation might be benefical to some extent, whether all of the employees should take these course hinges on the answers to the following questions.

By stating that a learner of the course can read fast and another student of the course get a large promotion, the director believe the course is of high quality. However, before reach such conclusion, we need to think about whether the ER course is really useful. More specifically, we need to know whether the two student referred is able to represent all the students of the course, and whether higher reading rate means higher working efficiency. If the two students are just exceptions or if they are naturally outstanding, the quality of the course is undetermined, thus the argument is undermined. Or perhaps the course just foucuses on the rate of reading rather than the quality, then taking such course will not necessarily lead to a higher working efficiency, and therefore the director's recommendation is not convincing.

The second seires of questions I'm going to put forward revolves around whether the cost of training could transform into further benefits. We need to figure out whether the $500 is the only fee to spend. If other fees like the commuting costs and the food costs is extremely high, then the training cost should not be the only consideration, and we need to take other expenditure into account. Moreover, another question is whether the company employees are willing to take such course, which might limit their leisure time with no extra earning. If their attitude is negative, they might not absorb the essential knowledge of the course and the value of the course cannot fully transformed into their improvement on skills and the passion for making profits. If this situation is true, then the recommendation is unconvincing.

Besides, we also need to know the answer to the following question. Granted that this course is really of good use and cost a little, could it bring profits to APC? It's equally possible that these better trained employees go to another company for better positions elsewhere. If this really happens, the reasult might be far from the author's wishful thinking.

To sum up, while I sympathize with the director's intent to help APC make more profits, the argument is subjected to more consideration. We especially need to know whether the ER course is really of high-quality, whether the training cost is the majority of the expenditure, and wether the practice can make more profits for APC.