In the letter, the owner of a skate shop recommends Central Plaza (CP) to lift the prohibition on skateboarding in the plaza in order to restore its glory. While this recommendation might be benefical to some extent, whether the recommendation is reasonable hinges on the answers to the following questions.

The first series of questions I am goint to put forward the effectuality of the ban. In other words, is the prohibition really of no use? Although the owner states that the litter and vanalism are still problematic and there is little increase in the number of the visitors, we are given the source of this reference. It's just likely that the reference is distorted by the fake or manipulated data. If this is true, this claim is dubitable and the recommendation is greatly undermined.

Secondly, granted that in Monroe Park (MP) where skateboarding is permitted, we still need to know whether MP is a proper analog to CP. Without additional information, it's just likely that the cleaning force is greater in MP, making it naturely cleaner than MP. Or perhaps few people go to MP, making the litter and vandalism a subtle problem. Any of these scenarios, if true, will greatly weaken the owner's recommendation.

Thirdly, before we reach the owner's proposal, we need to figure out the question whether lifting the prohibition is benefical to CP. Without clear evidence, we can not foresee the consequences of this recommendation. If the removal of the ban do little good to CP, then this recommendation is not a urgent mission.

To sum up, whether I sympathize with the owner's intent to make CP a better plaza, whether we should take this initiation is subjected to more consideration. We especally need to know whether the prohibition is truly harmful, whether MP and CP is comparable, and whether removing prohibition can better the plaza.