The developers applicated for a small bussiness loan for they drawed the conclusion that a jazz music club in Monroe would be a tremendously profitable enterprise. To justify this conclusion, the developers noted that no nearby jazz clubs occured in Monroe and C-Note (CN) would have the opportunity to occupy the local market. Then the developers gave the examples of popularity among other jazz activities such as jazz festival and 'Jazz Nightly' (JN) to show the potential of CN. Then the authors cited a study in which jazz fans spent close to $1000 on jazz entertainment. However, I find this argument unconvincing in several respects.



First, the application was based on a correlation between vacancy of jazz clubs in Monroe and huge local market that the latter is attributable to the former. Yet the correlation alone amount to scant evidence of the cause-and-effect relationship. The huge local market is not necessarily induced by the vacancy of jazz clubs, it could be a results of other factors, sucha s better survice, unique experience, and so on. Additionally, we are not sure a vacancy in jazz clubs in that city was not sufficient to cause huge local market by itself. Perhaps it still needed to be accompanied with other advantageous conditions, such as policy permission, culture promotion, and so on, to achieve the desired results. From this perspective, a vacancy in local jazz clubs is neither necessary or sufficient to cause good bussiness opportunity.



Second, the developers relied on what might be a false analogy between NC and the jazz festival and JN. In order for the jazz festival and JN to serve as proper models to NC, the developers must assume that all relevant circumstances involving this bussiness is exactly, at least approximately, the same. However, this assumption is unwarrant. Perhaps the civilian liked the festival and JN just because they were for almost free. Or perhaps the festival and JN just meeted with people's leisure time, while NC would not. Thus, the analogy is untenable.



Third, I would like to pinpoint the defects in the argument's study methodology. In the one hand, it's unrational to draw any conclusion about the local benefits from jazz music enterprise based on a nationwide study. Considering the heterogeneousity of different cities, it would be entirely possible that the expenditure in Monroe is lower compared with other cities. In the other hand, we are not sure the total cost of these music activities. Perhaps facilities expenditure and salaries of stuff would be extremely high, so that this bussiness in not so profitable. From this viewpoint, the statement of this study is problematic.



In sum, the argument is logically flawed and therefore unconvincing as it stands (not pervasive). To strengthen it, the developer must either modify their plans to replenish other measurements to ensure the success of this bussiness, or provide additional evidence to make the people believe this application would come into effect.