In the article, the editorial of Prunty County proposed that the 55 emphasis limit should be restored and the government should undertake some road improvement project, because the safety effort had failed. To justify his proposal, he noted that most drivers arre exceeding the new speed limit and the rate of accident did not decrease a lot. He also claimed that the Bulter County decrease their accident rate by improving their roads. However, I find this argument logically unconvincing in the following respects. 



First, the editorial was disappointed about the effort because he expected a correlation between the speed limit and much lower car accidents that the latter is attributable to the former. While this correlation amounts to scant evidence of the cause-and-effect relationship. In the one hand, the less accident rate was not neccessarily induced by the speed limits, it could be caused by other activities as well, such as wearing safety belt, prohibiting the phone in cars, and so on. In the othe hand, the speed limit alone was not sufficient to reduce the accidents in the roads. This measurement still needed to be accompanied with enforcement and supervision to work. Thus, it is neither necessary or sufficient to reduce accident rate.



Second, the argument relied on what might be a false analogy between Prunty County and Butler County. In order for Butler County to serve as a proper model for Prunty County, the editorial must assume that all circumstancing involving the traffic safety is exactly, at least approximately, the same. However, this assumption is unwarranted. Maybe the Butler County has nostorious for its bad traffic despline for a long time and it definitely much easier for it to make a progress. Or probably, the editorial overlook the possibility that the Butler County just has met a huge change of the demography composition. Thus, this analogy is untenable.



Third, the editorial does not look at events with a dialectical eye and is too arbitrary to assume from the low accident rate of Butler County last year that it will keep this trend this year. It's just likely that the reducing trend is reversed this year in Butler County. I think he should keep patiency to wait until it takes effects.



In sum, the argument is logically flawed and thus unconvincing as it stands. To bolster it, the editorial should provide clearer evidence to show this measurement is truely useless. 