In this letter, the homeowner makes a conclusion that the Adams Realty (AR) outperformed Fitch Realty (FR) in sale homes, therefore he recommends his friend to sell his home using AR. To justify his conclusion, the homeowner notes that AR has more estate agents than those of FR; the revenue of AR is higher compared with FR last year; and his homes seem to be sold quicker in AR previously. However, I find the argument logically unconvincing in the following respects. 



First, the argument is based on a correlation between more agents and the better sale that the latter is attributable to the former. While the correlation alone amounts to scant evidence of the cause-and-effect relationship. A better sale is not necessarily induced by more agents, for it can be caused by other factors as well, such as qualified service, competent sellmen, and so on. Additionally, more agents might not be sufficient to bring a better sale by themselves, maybe it stll needs to be accompanied by other advantageous conditions to achieve the desired goal, like their bosses' open-minded management, and the reasonable regulations. Thus, more agents are not only unnecessary but also insuffient to induce a better sale.



Second, the author doesn't look at events with a dialectical eye and is too arbitrary to conclusion from the AR has a relatively higher revenue in the past that it must outperform FR this year. Absent edvidence to support this crucial inference, it's just likely that the situation of AR would be flipped and the flounder of FR would be reversed. Any of these scenarios, if true, would sever to undermine the author's claim.



Third, the argument relies on what might be a  false analogy between the author's two different homes and his friend's home. In order for the his homes to serve as proper models that his friend should consider, the author must assume that all of the circumstances involving this bussiness are exactly, at least approximately, the same. Yet this assumption is unwarranted. It's just likely that the home of his friend has different attributes with these two homes. Or perhaps the agent to deal with these two sales are not the same, which might have huge influence on the eventual outcome. From this perspective, the analogy is untenable.



In sum, the argument is logically flawed and thus unconvincing as it stands. To bolster it, the author need to provide more clearer evidence for his friend to convince him use åaAR to sell his home.