In the argument, the author proposes an initiation that all teacher in his high schools should assign homework no more than twice a week. While this proposal might seem benefical to the students' academic performance, the reasoning of the argument is unconvincing due some unsubstantiated assumptions, which if proven unwarranted, will seriously challenge the author's recommendation.

First of all, the author's argument relies heavily on the assupiton that the homework assigned by teachers in Sanlee is really more than that in Marlee. We do not know the amount of homework assigned each time. Nor do we know the difficulty and time spend in each homework. If teachers in Marlee are used to assigning a great amount of homework for one time, it's just likely that the total homework for each students is more, and thus this assumption might be unwarranted.

Secondly, by stating that the students in Marlee earn better grades overall and are less possible to repeat a year, the author assumes that the effectuality of homework in Marlee is better than that in Sanlee. However, we have no idea the rating system and repeat year evaluating standard. Lacking such evidence, it's just likely that the students in Sanlee are far more difficult to earn high grade or get through.  Thus, the assumption is doubful.

Even if the assumption above are all valid, the author's recommendation could be unconvincing due to the unwarranted assumption that the grades is the only concern. The author assumes that the study effectuality is utterly depends on the grades. Yet, there are some equally important practices for students that are good for their developement. The students in Sanlee may be instructed to do some field studies to broaden their horizon, and hence the teaching methods there are not manacle by the focus on grades. To this extent, it's unfair to judge the students' performance in Sanlee only from the academic view.

To summarize, whether or not we should implement the author's recommendation depends heavily on the validity of the assumptions. If the assumptions prove unwarranted, the argument might be little more than the author's wishful thinking, and accordingly, we need to consider some other solutions to help cultivate the students in the state of Attra.