In the argument, the author claim that the so called Palean baskets are not unique in Palea. To support the claim, the author points out that there are Palean baskets found in Lithos. Moreover, the author cites a series of evidence to show that the there lacts vehicles to transport basket from Palea to Lithos. Although the claim might be reasonable, close scrutiny reveals that the conclusion lacks critical support, and we need more evidence to help evaluate the argument.

First of all, we need evidence to the river is similar, that is broad, in the past. While the authors shows that the river is broad now, no evidence serves to rule out the possibility that the geological activities change the apearance of the river. If new evidence show that the area is geologically active, then the rive may be narrow in the past and gradually widen. Then the argument is largely undermined. On the contrary, if that area is relatively stable or the river proven to be wide enough in the old days, the argument is bolstered.

Secondly, specifical evidence is need to judge whether there is no way from Palea to Lithos. Granted that there is no Palean boats, we are not sure whether there is no boats in Lithos, either. Moreover, absent critical evidence, we have no idea whether there are some terrestrial roads are accessible. All of these circumstances, if true, would server to undermine the author's claim. While if these possibilities are ruled out by new discoveries, the conclusion is supported. 

To sum up, the evidence cited by the author does not provide enough conclusive information to make the conclusion convincing. As a result, we need additional evidence to better evaluate the argument.