In the newsletter, the author recommend the daily use of a nutritional supplement named lchthaid to prevent cold and lower absenteeism. To support his recommendation, he points our that people in nearby East Meria(EM) consume a lot of fish and seldom visit doctor. He also claims that colds represent the most frequently reason for absences from work and school. Although this recommendation might be resonable to some extent, close scrutiny reveals that the argument lack critical information, and we need more evidence to help evaluation the recommendation.

First of all, we need evidence to know the true relation between fish consumption and absenteeism. While the study show that more assumption in EM might explain why people there visit the doctor less frequently, we still need to figure out whether the result given is authentic. If the answer is negative, then this evidence is meaningless. Moreover, with only the current information, we are not sure the number of people in EM who do not visit the doctor even they have cold. If this number is large, then the people in EM is not healthier as the author thought, and thus high fish consumption in EM can not lead to low absenteeism. In addition, it's worthwhile knowing the usage of fish in EM. In other words, we need to know whether the fish consumption is tantamount to fish-as-food consumption. If all of the fish consumption is for food, then the recommendation is strengtheded; or else, it is undermined.

Secondly, additional evidence is needed to show the result of prevention of cold on prensence rate. I mean, absent evidence is provided to show other deseases aren't able to increase the absenteeism. If another serious illness becomes the dominent cause and severely damages people's health, then the recommendation is unreasonable.

Despite the presence of all previous evidence, an accurate evaluation of the recommendation that people need to take daily lacthaid to forestall the cold. We need more evidence to know the proper frequency of usage. In other words, no evidence is provided to show that take lacthaid every day is the best option. If this supplement taken by people everday has harmful side effects, then they are abusing this drug. Therefore the argument is seriously weakened. However, if this drug is innocuous and even have great effects, then the argument is bolstered.

To sum up, the author's arugment lacks enough conclusive evidence to show the recommendation is convincing. And accordingly, we need additional evidence to better evaluation the recommendation.