This article conclude that, despite the relatively higher salaries at large firms, they need to offer graduates more benefits and incentives and reduce the number of working hours to reverse the decline trends of employment. To justify this conclusion, the article's author notes that during the last three years the number of graduates who took jobs at small, general practice firms has increased in the last three years. The author tries to elucadate this phenomenon by saying that the graduates tend to go to small firms for their greater job satisfaction.  Then, the author cites a survey at one leading law school in which most freshmen indicated that job satisfaction was more important than salary. I find this argument logically unconvincing in several respects.



First of all, the author did not look at events with dialectical eyes and was too arbitrary to claim from the increase employment of small firms in the past that their recruitment will remain on the high level. Absent evidence to support this inference, it's just likely that the large firms would reverse the flounder in this year; or that the small firms could not maintain this trend. Any scenarios, if true, would sever to undermine the author's claim.



Secondly, the argument relies on what might be a false analogy between jobs in big firms and those in small firms. In order for the small firms to sever as a model that big firms should emulate, the author of the article should assume that all relevant circumstances of them are essencially the same. However, the assumption is unwarrant. For example, the argument overlooks the possibility that the increasing employment in small firms was caused by other factors besides salaries and job satisfaction. Perhaps the government in the city of Megalopolis had enacted some policies to offer bonus only for the employees in the small firms, making finding jobs in small firms a more profitable choice. Or perhaps young people tended to get jobs in small firms for better opportunities, since most large firms might not willing to delegate newbies some core assignments in in them. From this veiwpoint, the anology between the small and large firms is untenable.



Thirdly, the conclusion is based on a correlation between better job satisfaction and more employment in small firms that the latter is attributable to the former. Yet the correlation alone amounts to scant evidence of the cause-and-effect relationship. The larger number of graduates working in the small firms might not necessarily depends on the satisfaction of job, it can be caused by other factors as well, such as a increasing recruitment among small firms, sudden rise of small firms, and so on. Moreover, we are unsure whether a good satisfaction is sufficient to improve the imployment. In other words, a good satisfaction would not suffice by itself, it still needs to be accompanied by other advantageous conditions such as promising future, firm potential power, and so on. In this way, the two positions, better job experience and more recruitment, are nether sufficent or neccessary for the lack of evidence.



In the end, I would like to pinpoint the defects in the survey methodology. First, we are not informed whether the survey required that the graduates choose jobs between alternatives. If it did, then the results might distort the perferences of the graduates, who might very well prefer middle firms which are not provided in the survey.  Second we are not informed whether the survey graduates were anonymous or confidential. If they were not, the graduates might have provided erroneous results which concord with their personal benefits. Moreover, only the freshmen were included in the survey, where the results are unconvincing because of the limited coverage of audience. Under such circumstances, the survey design is problematic, and the author need to clearify or do extensive experiments to make the survey more robust.



In sum, the argument is logically flawed and therefore unconvincing as it stands. To strengthen it, the author must either modify the proposal to provide incentives for those seeking job satisfaction over monetary rewards, or provide better evidence that new law school graduates seeking job in Megalopolis would find the proposed incentives enticing.

