In this article, the dean at Omega University proposed a recommendation that the university should now abort the evaluation of the professors, in order to make their students more competitive in the job market. To justify his proposal, the dean noted that the the overall students grade averages at Omega have risen since they were allowed to evaluation the performance of their professors. The dean also contributed the reason of their student's less competitiveness to the grade inflation, making an analogy with Alpha University. However, I find this argument logically unconvincing in the following respects.



First, the argument is based on a correlation between the grade inflation and the few jobs obtained that the latter is attributable to the former. Yet the correlation alone amounts to scant evidence of the cause-and-effect relationship. The less employment might not neccessarily caused by the grade inflation. Perhaps the overall employment rate is declining in recent years. Additionally, the grade inflation might not sufficiently induce the less employment by itself. Maybe it still need to be accompanied by other factors to lead to this situation. From this perspective, the grade inflation is neither necessary or sufficient to induce the less employment.



Second, I would like to pinpoint some crucial defects in the survey. in the one hand, we are not sure about the range and the standard diviation of the students. Perhaps, the gulf of grade between the elites and the low-leveled students are larger, making a dim future in finding jobs for most students. In the other hand, we are unsure about the accuracy of the study results, which makes the claim unconvincing. Therefore, the survey methodology is problematic.



Third, the argument relied on what might be a false analogy between Omega and Alpha University. In order for Alpha University to serve as a proper model to Omega University, the dean must assume that all relevant circumstances are essentially the same. However, this assumption is unwarrant. Perhaps, Alpha University is a more employment-oriented university; or perhaps, it launched some gorgeous projects in its compus and thus improved the education quality. From this viewpoint, this analogy is untenable.



In sum, the argument is not convincing and thus 