In the argument, the mayor of West Egg town (WE) made a conclusion that the avilable space in their landfill should last for considerably longer than predicted. To justify this conclusion, he noted that the residents have been recycling twice as much aluminum and paper as they did in previous years. Also, the mayor claimed that since the charges for garbage pickup will double, the residents will definitely be more willing to recycle material. In addition, the mayor cited a survey in which the respondents said they would do more recycling in the future. However, I think the argument is logically unconvincing in the following respects.



First, I think the mayor did not look the events with a dialectical eye and too arbitary to claim from the large amount of recycled alluminum and paper in the past two years that the amount of material recycled must be large in this year. Absent evidence to support this inference, it's just likely that the residents of WE changed their mind and recollected less garbage this year; or perhaps the frenzy of garbage recycling was just a result of incentive activities, which will terminate in this year. Any of this scenarios, if true, would be sever to the author's claim.



Second, the mayor assumed that the alluminum and paper recycling trend would reflect the general trend upon with the argument relies. Yet the mayor failed to offer any evidence to substantiate this crucial assumption. Absent such evidence, it's just likely that the recycling trends of other garbage did not change or even decreased in the recent years. For that matter, perhaps the aluminum and paper recycling trend is in the opposite direction, in which even the mayor's recommendation would amount to especially poor advice.



Third, the argument is based on a correlation between higher charge in the future and more the recycled material that the latter is attributable to the former. Yet the correlation amount to scare evidence of the cause-and-effect relationship. In the one hand, the latter is not neccessarily caused by the former, it could be caused by other factors as well, such as eco-friendly policy, tenser supervision, and so on. In the other hand, the former might not be sufficient to induce the latter by itself, it might still need to accompanied by othe factors, such as good-manner enforcement, compulsory duty, and so on, to obtain the desired results. From this perspective, the correlation may be unreliable.



In the end, I would like to pinpoint the defects in the survey the mayor cited in the passage. The unknown reference makes the suvey naturely unconvincing, we can not judge whether the suvey result is accurate. Additionally, we are unsure the respondents are anonymous or confidential, if they were not, the respondents might provide fictitious information for their own benefits or for the commonsense pursuit. From this perspective, the servey methodology is problematic.



In sum, the argument is logically flawed and thus unconving. To bolster it, the mayor might either modify the arbitrary conclusion or provide clearer evidence to make the readers think the conclusion believable.